Hello and welcome to this course on Machine Learning with Python,
Where you will learn about applied machine learning using Python tools.
Python dominates the machine learning landscape today.
According to recent surveys, it is the most widely used language for machine learning,
data science, and analytics.
Libraries, such as scikit-Learn, are especially
popular with practitioners in this field.
Whether you're starting your career or enhancing your skills,
this intermediate-level course
will provide you with a solid foundation in applied
machine learning, paving the way for
advanced career opportunities in the field of
machine learning, data science, and AI.
To gain maximum learning from this course, a
working knowledge of Python, Pandas, NumPy,
and data preparation and data analysis with Python is recommended.
Familiarity with the field of machine learning will be an added advantage.
In this course, you will become aware of the
role of machine learning in various career
paths.
You will gain a foundational knowledge of the
machine learning lifecycle and how machine
learning models work.
Throughout the course, you will focus on machine learning
modeling techniques such as classification,
regression, and clustering.
Using real-world data, you will learn how these
models fit within the broader supervised
and unsupervised learning frameworks.
You'll also get a brief introduction to advanced
methods such as reinforcement learning, deep
learning, and the world of artificial intelligence.
You will gain hands-on experience with building,
assessing, and validating various classification,
regression, and clustering machine learning models
using Python and popular open-source
libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, and Scikit-Learn.
You will gain a comprehensive understanding of
machine learning using Python through instructional
videos and then practice the concepts learned in hands-on labs.
You will assess your learning with practice and
graded quizzes and strengthen the mastery
of concepts with reference materials such as a glossary.
A concluding final project in the last module
will provide you with the opportunity to apply
your knowledge.
Each lesson has one or more labs that reinforce
the instructional videos by applying what
you've learned in each lesson.
Our topics include Multiple Linear Regression
and Logistic Regression, Prediction, Fraud
Detection, KNN, and SVM.
We're glad to have you with us as you start
your journey in machine learning with Python.
If you have any queries regarding the course material,
please don't hesitate to contact
us in the discussion forum.
All the best!